>> Steve Kinney: It'd be really great to
actually get at least some kind of window
in front of us.
So let's go ahead and we need to pull
in a second module off of Electron, and
that is the BrowserWindow module.
Let's go ahead and
we'll say BrowserWindow, and
BrowserWindow from JavaScript convention,
you can see it's got a capital B and
the capital B means that we're gonna
use it as a constructor, right?
So we're gonna create a BrowserWindow
using the new keyword in JavaScript.
And we could say something along the lines
of like new BrowserWindow-
>> Steve Kinney: And
we could even say like yeah,
you might be tempted to call it window,
which is totally safe because you
are on the main process node side.
But let's not get into bad habits here.
We will call it main window because
window means stuff in JavaScript.
And you could call it there and
if we start this application up-
>> Steve Kinney: You can
see that now I get this really
exciting user interface.
There are some problems with the code
right now, which might not even bite us
in the small time that we're working
together on this application right now,
but could happen which is JavaScript.
So this is an event listener,
so here we have a function.
JavaScript is function scoped, which
means after this function fires, right?
It's over and we leave it,
which means everything that we created
in this function is eligible for
garbage collection,
including our BrowserWindow, right?
So, that means our BrowserWindow
could get garbage collected.
One way to solve that is to simply
define the main window variable
in an outer scope, and
then we'll actually assign it here, right?
So this will keep it from getting garbage
collecting cuz that top level scope
will be alive until the application quits,
right?
You could have left it in there, unclear
if it would've bitten you today but
let's not add entropy into the system,
especially if we're going to be
shipping this application to users.
All right, so we've got that
BrowserWindow and that's neat,
but it was pretty empty and gray and sad.
We do have this index.html,
which has got some buttons,
it's got our whole user interface.
It's got the style sheet,
it's really pretty.
It'd be better if we showed
that to the user instead.
So, once we have the BrowserW indow,
we basically just need to
tell it to load an html file.
So, we can take our main window, and
we'll go ahead and say load file.
And, what I'm going to to is I'm gonna
use a template strain which
are these back ticks.
>> Steve Kinney: So, you see this
__dirname, this is a node convention,
this is a variable that basically
resolves to the current place that you
are in your file system.
So, in my case,
this would be
/users/SteveKinney/projects/firecell-FEM--
V2/, right?
And we'll say from there, and this will
be app as well because it's the main JS,
we'll say Index.html.
So this will go ahead and load that file.
All right, let's take that for a spin.
>> Steve Kinney: Ho!
We've got a user interface.
All right, ready to be eagle-eyed?
I want you to stare at the screen.
Don't look at your screen,
just look at my screen.
Cool, split the application.
You notice that quitting the application
also brings me back to the command
line as well?
So I can hit Ctrl + C and
quit the application,
either one will take care of it.
All right,
here's what you're gonna watch for.
Windows is gonna open,
there's gonna be a brief flash of white
before we see the user interface, ready?
>> Steve Kinney: It was quick, right?
A little like wash out of the projector
screen, but that's stinky, right?
We don't really love that.
It would be great if we
would load the content and
then we would show the window, right?
And it's normal, right?
We made the window, and
then we loaded an HTML file to it.
There's no surprises that we
had that brief flash of white,
it's just better if we didn't.
So one kind of nice thing that we could
go ahead and do is, we can say hey,
we're gonna create a new BrowserWindow,
but don't show it to the user yet.
Load the HTML file into it,
once it's good and
ready, then we'll show them the window.
This is a quick re-factor here, and
we can say basically show is false.
Now, this will never show the window,
which is problematic, and EventEmitter
in node has this on, which will be
theoretically every time the app is ready.
Now, the app is only ready once, but
EventEmitter also has another method
to call it once, which will basically
fire the event listener one time,
and then not again after that.
So we could say mainWindow.once
ready to show is the event
on the main window, and
that is once the html file has been loaded
and parsed, we'll say ready to show.
And then we'll say mainWindow.show.
So we'll hide it, we'll load the html,
we'll get rid of it,
we'll avoid that very
brief flash of white.
And then once the main
window is totally loaded and
ready to rock, then we will show
the entire window to the user.
All right, ready to be equalized?
I mean this time there's nothing to see,
so.
[LAUGH] You can also just trust me,
it's up to you.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, so
the window opens just like that.